README.md, before:

Role Name
=========

A brief description of the role goes here.

Requirements
------------

Any pre-requisites that may not be covered by Ansible itself or the role should be mentioned here. For instance, if the role uses the EC2 module, it may be a good idea to mention in this section that the boto package is required.

Role Variables
--------------

A description of the settable variables for this role should go here, including any variables that are in defaults/main.yml, vars/main.yml, and any variables that can/should be set via parameters to the role. Any variables that are read from other roles and/or the global scope (ie. hostvars, group vars, etc.) should be mentioned here as well.

Dependencies
------------

A list of other roles hosted on Galaxy should go here, plus any details in regards to parameters that may need to be set for other roles, or variables that are used from other roles.

Example Playbook
----------------

Including an example of how to use your role (for instance, with variables passed in as parameters) is always nice for users too:

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
         - { role: username.rolename, x: 42 }

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

An optional section for the role authors to include contact information, or a website (HTML is not allowed).

Commit message:

Adding sampleUdp file and updating readme.

README.md, after:

ansible-ffwd
=========

An ansible role to install ffwd with all the pre-requisites.

Role Variables
--------------

The default set of variables are available in the defaults/main.yml. Please go through the same if you want to update the default vars. All the vars defined in default section can be overwritten as per the need.

Dependencies
------------

The depenecies are defined clearly in the meta/main.yml. Please go through the same for better understanding.

Example Playbook
----------------

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
         - { role: ansible-ffwd }

Verifying the setup
----------------

To test if your metrics are being registered to ffwd, you can enable debug mode by adding following line in your config:

:debug: {}


Restart ffwd for the changes to take effect. Now you can look at all the data pushed to ffwd by running the following command:

nc localhost 19001


Integration example with C++
----------------

A sampleUdp.c file is available which shows a basic way of sending data to ffwd. You need to compile the code with g++ and simple run the executable. Currently the data that is sent is hard coded in sampleUdp.c

License
-------

BSD
